---
title: "A Data-Efficient Deep Learning Based Smartphone Application For Detection Of Pulmonary Diseases Using Chest X-rays"
collection: publications
permalink: /publication/2020-depression
excerpt: 'The need for rapid and accurate disease diagnostics, especially during the coronavirus pandemic, has highlighted the importance of innovative healthcare solutions. This paper introduces a smartphone application-based diagnostic paradigm that could revolutionize healthcare services. Aimed initially at addressing challenges during the pandemic, this model can diagnose a wide range of pulmonary diseases from Chest X-Ray images captured by a smartphone camera. These images are processed by an AI architecture on a cloud platform, providing state-of-the-art accuracy in disease identification. The scarcity of training data and class imbalance issues were addressed using a Data Augmentation Generative Adversarial Network (DAGAN) and a Convolutional Siamese Network with an attention mechanism. Tested on publicly available datasets, the model achieved impressive accuracies of 99.30% in binary classification and 98.40% in multiclass scenarios. Additionally, a semi-live training scenario was introduced to improve the app's performance over time. This application not only ensures easy access to reliable healthcare but also facilitates effective research on rare diseases in minimal data settings.'
date: 2020-08-22
venue: 'arXiv'
paperurl: 'https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.14966'
citation: 'Shalu, Hrithwik, et al. "Depression status estimation by deep learning based hybrid multi-modal fusion model." arXiv preprint arXiv:2011.14966 (2020).'
---

The contents above will be part of a list of publications, if the user clicks the link for the publication than the contents of section will be rendered as a full page, allowing you to provide more information about the paper for the reader. When publications are displayed as a single page, the contents of the above "citation" field will automatically be included below this section in a smaller font.
